ComparativeTable.md, before:

| **Feature / Task**                      | [**make.powerapps.com**](http://make.powerapps.com)                                                                  | **[XrmToolBox](https://www.xrmtoolbox.com) [Tools](https://www.xrmtoolbox.com/plugins/)**            | **Comment**                                                                                                                                                                                                      | **Docs** |
| --------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| **Advanced Chart Editing (XML)**        | ❌ Not possible                                                                                                      | ✅ Chart Editor                                               | Allows modification of chart XML                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Audit Settings per Entity**           | ⚠️ Limited capabilities                                                                                              | ✅ User Audit Viewer / Audit History Extractor / Audit Center | Big time-saver for compliance reviews                                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Bulk Data Updates**                   | ⚠️ Limited capabilities, not the most obvious UI design                                                              | ✅ Bulk Data Updater / SQL 4 CDS                              | Efficient for mass data modifications                                                                                                                                                                            | [🔗](https://jonasr.app/BDU) |
| **Bulk Field Creation/Editing**         | ❌ One at a time                                                                                                     | ✅ Metadata Browser or Field Creator                          | Huge time-saver                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Connection References Analysis**      | ❌ No global view                                                                                                    | ✅ Amend Connection Reference                                 | Can detect unused or broken refs                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Count of Rows in Tables**             | ⚠️ Limited capabilities                                                                                              | ✅ Fast Record Counter                                        | It's rather inconveniently arranged to count records in the UI, especially if we're talking about millions of rows. An alternative approach allows you to count the number of records for all tables in seconds. |
| **Data Querying with SQL Syntax**       | ❌ Not supported                                                                                                     | ✅ SQL 4 CDS                                                  | An absolutely gorgeous tool that will pull any information from Dataverse down to metadata for you using SQL language.                                                                                           | [🔗](https://markcarrington.dev/sql-4-cds/) |
| **Dataverse Metadata**                  | ⚠️ Minimal viewing                                                                                                   | ✅ Metadata Browser                                           | Detailed view with the ability to export a variety of metadata                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Dependency Resolution**               | ⚠️ Only at import error                                                                                              | ✅ Dependency Checker                                         | Easily identify what blocks deletion or export                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Environment Variable Management**     | ⚠️ One by one via solution only                                                                                      | ✅ Environment Variables Manager                              | Also, it is worth mentioning that there is a separate PCF control for this purpose, but, in general, it seems that any solution created by enthusiasts is better than a boxed one.                               |
| **FetchXML Testing/Debugging**          | ⚠️ Minimal support                                                                                                   | ✅ FetchXML Builder                                           | Comments are unnecessary. A million downloads speaks for itself. An absolutely iconic tool that is a must have for any developer / consultant                                                                    | [🔗](https://fetchxmlbuilder.com) |
| **Move Components between Solutions**   | ❌ Not possible                                                                                                      | ✅ Solution Components Mover                                  | It's easy and convenient to migrate components from multiple solutions into a single solution.                                                                                                                   |
| **Multi-table Lookup Creation**         | ❌ Not supported in UI, only via API                                                                                 | ✅ Polymorphic Lookup Creator                                 | Comments are unnecessary. We can create such a powerful and necessary control in Power Platform only via API - very convenient, isn't it?                                                                        |
| **Option Set Management**               | ⚠️ One-by-one editing                                                                                                | ✅ Option Set Editor                                          | Simplifies global option set management                                                                                                                                                                          |
| **Plugin Editing**                      | ❌ No editing, only viewing registration                                                                             | ✅ Plugin Registration Tool                                   | Faster, clearer; supports multiple steps, secure configs                                                                                                                                                         |
| **Plugin Trace Viewer**                 | ⚠️ Minimal viewing                                                                                                   | ✅ Plugin Trace Viewer                                        | Advanced filtering, readable view, decomposition of all your plugin logs down to the atoms.                                                                                                                      | [🔗](https://jonasr.app/PTV) |
| **Portal Configuration Data Migration** | ⚠️ Only for Enhanced DM, via solutions                                                                               | ✅ Portal Record Movers                                       | Facilitates DevOps for Power Pages                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **Relationships by meta and data**      | ⚠️ Very unusable, requires many, many clicks, and no overview                                                        | ✅ Related Records Analyzer                                   | From a table, it will analyze and show all relationships and is possible to drill down through the metadata. From a record, it will drill down into all related records.                                         | [🔗](https://jonasr.app/rra-intro/) |
| **Ribbon Customization**                | ⚠️ Limited capabilities                                                                                              | ✅ Ribbon Workbench                                           | Better control of icons and rules                                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Security Role Permissions Matrix**    | ⚠️ Role-by-role clickthrough. Limited UI. Even compared to the old UI, the new UI is a pain                          | ✅ \_n.RoleEditor                                             | The alternative is much more convenient and gives more room to maneuver, combining the charms of the old and new approach.                                                                                       |
| **Solution Layering Visibility**        | ❌ Limited                                                                                                           | ✅ Solution Layer Explorer                                    | See base vs. managed layers in Solution Layer Explorer. Critical for debugging ALM issues                                                                                                                        |
| **Solution Transfer**                   | ⚠️ Manually, or quite convenient to build a pipelines, but there is a nuance - only for money, only for Managed Env. | ✅ Solution Transfer Tool                                     | Solution Transfer Tool will not ask you for a single penny and will do everything quickly and qualitatively                                                                                                      |
| **Viewing All Flows in Environment**    | ⚠️ Limited to per-user/per-solution                                                                                  | ✅ Flow Explorer / FetchXML Builder / SQL 4 CDS               | You can list and analyze all flows via Flow Explorer or via FetchXML / SQL query                                                                                                                                 |
| **Web Resources Bulk Management**       | ❌ One-by-one editing                                                                                                | ✅ WebResources Manager                                       | WebResources Manager is also one of the top 10 tools for developers. A super convenient tool with intellisense, syntax highlighting, fast bulk deployment and many other features.                               |

Commit message:

Added Managed Solution Layer Raiser

ComparativeTable.md, after:

| **Feature / Task**                      | [**make.powerapps.com**](http://make.powerapps.com)                                                                  | **[XrmToolBox](https://www.xrmtoolbox.com) [Tools](https://www.xrmtoolbox.com/plugins/)**            | **Comment**                                                                                                                                                                                                      | **Docs** |
| --------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| **Advanced Chart Editing (XML)**        | ❌ Not possible                                                                                                      | ✅ Chart Editor                                               | Allows modification of chart XML                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Audit Settings per Entity**           | ⚠️ Limited capabilities                                                                                              | ✅ User Audit Viewer / Audit History Extractor / Audit Center | Big time-saver for compliance reviews                                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Bulk Data Updates**                   | ⚠️ Limited capabilities, not the most obvious UI design                                                              | ✅ Bulk Data Updater / SQL 4 CDS                              | Efficient for mass data modifications                                                                                                                                                                            | [🔗](https://jonasr.app/BDU) |
| **Bulk Field Creation/Editing**         | ❌ One at a time                                                                                                     | ✅ Metadata Browser or Field Creator                          | Huge time-saver                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Connection References Analysis**      | ❌ No global view                                                                                                    | ✅ Amend Connection Reference                                 | Can detect unused or broken refs                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Count of Rows in Tables**             | ⚠️ Limited capabilities                                                                                              | ✅ Fast Record Counter                                        | It's rather inconveniently arranged to count records in the UI, especially if we're talking about millions of rows. An alternative approach allows you to count the number of records for all tables in seconds. |
| **Data Querying with SQL Syntax**       | ❌ Not supported                                                                                                     | ✅ SQL 4 CDS                                                  | An absolutely gorgeous tool that will pull any information from Dataverse down to metadata for you using SQL language.                                                                                           | [🔗](https://markcarrington.dev/sql-4-cds/) |
| **Dataverse Metadata**                  | ⚠️ Minimal viewing                                                                                                   | ✅ Metadata Browser                                           | Detailed view with the ability to export a variety of metadata                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Dependency Resolution**               | ⚠️ Only at import error                                                                                              | ✅ Dependency Checker                                         | Easily identify what blocks deletion or export                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Environment Variable Management**     | ⚠️ One by one via solution only                                                                                      | ✅ Environment Variables Manager                              | Also, it is worth mentioning that there is a separate PCF control for this purpose, but, in general, it seems that any solution created by enthusiasts is better than a boxed one.                               |
| **FetchXML Testing/Debugging**          | ⚠️ Minimal support                                                                                                   | ✅ FetchXML Builder                                           | Comments are unnecessary. A million downloads speaks for itself. An absolutely iconic tool that is a must have for any developer / consultant                                                                    | [🔗](https://fetchxmlbuilder.com) |
| **Move Components between Solutions**   | ❌ Not possible                                                                                                      | ✅ Solution Components Mover                                  | It's easy and convenient to migrate components from multiple solutions into a single solution.                                                                                                                   |
| **Multi-table Lookup Creation**         | ❌ Not supported in UI, only via API                                                                                 | ✅ Polymorphic Lookup Creator                                 | Comments are unnecessary. We can create such a powerful and necessary control in Power Platform only via API - very convenient, isn't it?                                                                        |
| **Option Set Management**               | ⚠️ One-by-one editing                                                                                                | ✅ Option Set Editor                                          | Simplifies global option set management                                                                                                                                                                          |
| **Plugin Editing**                      | ❌ No editing, only viewing registration                                                                             | ✅ Plugin Registration Tool                                   | Faster, clearer; supports multiple steps, secure configs                                                                                                                                                         |
| **Plugin Trace Viewer**                 | ⚠️ Minimal viewing                                                                                                   | ✅ Plugin Trace Viewer                                        | Advanced filtering, readable view, decomposition of all your plugin logs down to the atoms.                                                                                                                      | [🔗](https://jonasr.app/PTV) |
| **Portal Configuration Data Migration** | ⚠️ Only for Enhanced DM, via solutions                                                                               | ✅ Portal Record Movers                                       | Facilitates DevOps for Power Pages                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **Raise Managed Solution Layers**       | ❌ Not possible                                                                                                      | ✅ Managed Solution Layer Raiser                  | Enables raising of managed solutions to the top of the layering stack (just under unmanaged layer) if you have the corresponding solution zip file available                                                          | 
| **Relationships by meta and data**      | ⚠️ Very unusable, requires many, many clicks, and no overview                                                        | ✅ Related Records Analyzer                                   | From a table, it will analyze and show all relationships and is possible to drill down through the metadata. From a record, it will drill down into all related records.                                         | [🔗](https://jonasr.app/rra-intro/) |
| **Ribbon Customization**                | ⚠️ Limited capabilities                                                                                              | ✅ Ribbon Workbench                                           | Better control of icons and rules                                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Security Role Permissions Matrix**    | ⚠️ Role-by-role clickthrough. Limited UI. Even compared to the old UI, the new UI is a pain                          | ✅ \_n.RoleEditor                                             | The alternative is much more convenient and gives more room to maneuver, combining the charms of the old and new approach.                                                                                       |
| **Solution Layering Visibility**        | ❌ Limited                                                                                                           | ✅ Solution Layer Explorer                                    | See base vs. managed layers in Solution Layer Explorer. Critical for debugging ALM issues                                                                                                                        |
| **Solution Transfer**                   | ⚠️ Manually, or quite convenient to build a pipelines, but there is a nuance - only for money, only for Managed Env. | ✅ Solution Transfer Tool                                     | Solution Transfer Tool will not ask you for a single penny and will do everything quickly and qualitatively                                                                                                      |
| **Viewing All Flows in Environment**    | ⚠️ Limited to per-user/per-solution                                                                                  | ✅ Flow Explorer / FetchXML Builder / SQL 4 CDS               | You can list and analyze all flows via Flow Explorer or via FetchXML / SQL query                                                                                                                                 |
| **Web Resources Bulk Management**       | ❌ One-by-one editing                                                                                                | ✅ WebResources Manager                                       | WebResources Manager is also one of the top 10 tools for developers. A super convenient tool with intellisense, syntax highlighting, fast bulk deployment and many other features.                               |
